The purpose of the program in this repository is to read input Microsoft Word Documents in the .docx format, and extract the content of that document so that it can be tagged to follow the XML schema in the DEO3.xsd file. Particular focus is given to extracting procedures in the document marked by various markers in the input Microsoft Word Document, and tagging those appropriately so that they are easily identifiable in the output XML document. The existing codebase follows a command line interface pattern. The WordDataExtractor.py script is where execution starts. When executed, it runs the Interpreter.py script to start the command-line interface and accept user commands through the Python Shell. Currently, the user must enter the output file name by entering the outname command and providing the file name for the output file when subsequently prompted by the command prompt in the Python Shell. They must also provide an output location on their file system for the output XML document by entering the outloc command and entering the path to the folder in their file system where it will be saved. Finally, they must provide the location in their filesystem where the input file is located so that the WordDataExtractor program can parse and tag it. This is done with the input command and providing the path to the input file in their filesystem when prompted. After those three tasks are taken care of, the user may then parse the input Microsoft Word Document located at the path to the input file by entering the parse command. They will then be prompted if the document contains any procedures, and if it does, to provide the type of procedure it contains. The type of procedure is what type of markers are used to identify procedures in the document. Currently there are 3 valid commands that the user can enter when prompted for the type of procedure. They are: '1' which corresponds to numeric marked procedures, '2' which corresponds to lowercase letter marked procedures, '3' which corresponds to uppercase letter marked procedures. Upon entering the type of procedure, the user is then prompted if the document contains any sub procedures. If yes, then they must enter one of the same 3 valid commands described above that describes how the sub procedures in the document are marked. After completing this, then the document is parsed and tagged by the WordDataExtractor program following the XML schema in the DEO3.xsd file and saved as the file name provided earlier in the location in the user's filesystem provided earlier.
